Give another example for multiline. (#3138)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/stages/multiline.md

	at akka.http.scaladsl.server.directives.BasicDirectives.$anonfun$mapRouteResult$2(BasicDirectives.scala:68)
	at akka.http.scaladsl.server.directives.BasicDirectives.$anonfun$textract$2(BasicDirectives.scala:161)
	at akka.http.scaladsl.server.RouteConcatenation$RouteWithConcatenation.$anonfun$$tilde$2(RouteConcatenation.scala:47)
	at akka.http.scaladsl.util.FastFuture$.strictTransform$1(FastFuture.scala:40)
  ...
```

At first sight these seem be like the others. Let's look at the log format.

```xml
<configuration>
    <appender name="FILE" class="ch.qos.logback.core.FileAppender">
        <file>crasher.log</file>
        <append>true</append>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>&ZeroWidthSpace;[%date{ISO8601}] [%level] [%logger] [%thread] [%X{akkaSource}] - %msg%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender>

    <appender name="ASYNC" class="ch.qos.logback.classic.AsyncAppender">
        <queueSize>1024</queueSize>
        <neverBlock>true</neverBlock>
        <appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
    </appender>

    <root level="DEBUG">
        <appender-ref ref="ASYNC"/>
    </root>

</configuration>
```

> There is nothing special for a [Logback](http://logback.qos.ch/) configurations except for `&ZeroWidthSpace;` at the beginning of each log line. This is the HTML-code for the [Zero-width space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_space) character. It makes identifying first lines much simpler and is not visible. Thus it will not change the view of the log. The new first line matching regular expression is then `\x{200B}\[`. `200B` is the Uncode code point for the zero-width space character.

Author: ```suggestion
There is nothing special for a [Logback](http://logback.qos.ch/) configuration except for `&ZeroWidthSpace;` at the beginning of each log line. This is the HTML-code for the [Zero-width space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_space) character. It makes identifying first lines much simpler and is not visible. Thus it will not change the view of the log. The new first line matching regular expression is then `\x{200B}\[`. `200B` is the Unicode code point for the zero-width space character.
```

```yaml
multiline:
  # Identify zero-width space as first line of a multiline block. Note the string should be in single quotes.
  firstline: '^\x{200B}\['

  max_wait_time: 3s
```

> Zero-width space micht not suite everyone. Any special character that is unlikely to be part of your regular logs should do just fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-width space might not suite everyone. Any special character that is unlikely to be part of your regular logs should do just fine.
```
